docs/1.1 Making data available to those who need it.md, before:

---
title: 1.1 Making data available to those who need it
created: 2024-08-15
modified: 2024-08-15
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
theme: "[[Culture]]"
topic: "[[Topic 1 Engaging with others]]"
share: true
---
# 1.1 Making data available to those who need it
# [1.1.1](1.1.1.md)

Makes data available by default only to a single specialist person or team. Discourages sharing data internally.

# [1.1.2](1.1.2.md)

Beginning to share data internally either verbally or via reports. Does not encourage data sharing across teams or provide ways to share data directly.

# [1.1.3](1.1.3.md)

Enables specialist users to access and share some data internally, but systems or processes limit access to and sharing of data by default rather than by design. Some internal users are have appropriate access to data they need but may require specialist support to access or share data.

# [1.1.4](1.1.4.md)

Beginning to provide ways to access and share data directly, but non-expert staff may require some intervention from specialists to do so. All internal users and some external users have appropriate access to data they need when they need it.

# [1.1.5](1.1.5.md)

Data can be accessed and directly shared appropriately by all users who need it. All internal and external users can access data they need when they need it, without specialist support.

Commit message:

[PUBLISHER] Merge #12
* PUSH NOTE : UK Government Data Maturity Model (UK-DMM) - PROJECT.md

* PUSH NOTE : Rows (UK-DMM).md

* PUSH NOTE : 1.1.5.md

* PUSH NOTE : 1.1.3.md

* PUSH NOTE : 1.1.4.md

* PUSH NOTE : 1.1.2.md

* PUSH NOTE : 1.1.1.md

* PUSH NOTE : 1.1 Making data available to those who need it.md

* PUSH NOTE : README.md

docs/1.1 Making data available to those who need it.md, after:

---
title: 1.1 Making data available to those who need it
created: 2024-08-15
modified: 2024-08-26
up:
  - "[Topic 1 Engaging with others](Topic%201%20Engaging%20with%20others.md)"
  - "[Culture](Culture.md)"
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
next: "[[1.2 Sharing data with stakeholders and customers]]"
share: true
---
# 1.1 Making data available to those who need it
# [1.1.1](1.1.1.md)

Makes data available by default only to a single specialist person or team. Discourages sharing data internally.

# [1.1.2](1.1.2.md)

Beginning to share data internally either verbally or via reports. Does not encourage data sharing across teams or provide ways to share data directly.

# [1.1.3](1.1.3.md)

Enables specialist users to access and share some data internally, but systems or processes limit access to and sharing of data by default rather than by design. Some internal users are have appropriate access to data they need but may require specialist support to access or share data.

# [1.1.4](1.1.4.md)

Beginning to provide ways to access and share data directly, but non-expert staff may require some intervention from specialists to do so. All internal users and some external users have appropriate access to data they need when they need it.

# [1.1.5](1.1.5.md)

Data can be accessed and directly shared appropriately by all users who need it. All internal and external users can access data they need when they need it, without specialist support.
