---
title: 10.92 Defining who should have responsibility for data
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 10 Taking responsibility for data]]"
share: true
---
# [10.92 Defining who should have responsibility for data](10.92%20Defining%20who%20should%20have%20responsibility%20for%20data.md)
# [10.92.1](10.92.1.md)

Sees data as a chore with questions and requirements mostly externally driven. Assigns responsibility for data by defaults rather than by design, usually to staff in IT or administrative roles.

# [10.92.2](10.92.2.md)

Places responsibility for data purely with administration or IT roles. Staff working with data do not understand how data management relates to the business’ objectives and see data as the responsibility of ‘someone else’.

# [10.92.3](10.92.3.md)

Beginning to define and implement roles, responsibilities, and accountabilities for maintenance and improvement of data. Most staff working with data understand the importance of good data management, but may not be aware of how this relates to the organisation’s objectives and outcomes.

# [10.92.4](10.92.4.md)

Clearly defines and implements roles, responsibilities, and accountabilities for data management across the organisation, with good visibility.

# [10.92.5](10.92.5.md)

Sees data as a team effort and critical asset for every part of the organisation. All staff working with data understand the importance of good data management and feel empowered to challenge each other when this does not happen. Staff understand how data management links to the organisation’s outcomes.
