---
title: 2.12 Having data and analysis skills in senior leadership positions
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_leadership
up: "[[Topic 2 Having the right data skills and knowledge]]"
share: true
---
# [2.12 Having data and analysis skills in senior leadership positions](2.12%20Having%20data%20and%20analysis%20skills%20in%20senior%20leadership%20positions.md)
# [2.12.1](2.12.1.md)

Senior business leaders have a very basic level of understanding or expertise in data or analytics but require specialist support to make use of these. This may be limited to interpreting data visualisations with specialist support.

# [2.12.2](2.12.2.md)

Senior business leaders have a basic level of knowledge or some experience of data and analytics. Some leaders are capable of making use of analyses and data with some specialist support.

# [2.12.3](2.12.3.md)

Beginning to increase knowledge and experience of data and analytics amongst senior leaders. Most leaders are capable of making use of analyses and data with minimal specialist support. An advocate for data is present within the senior leadership.

# [2.12.4](2.12.4.md)

Addressing data and analysis skills gap in leadership as a whole. All senior leaders are confident in making some use of analyses and data without support, and many are capable of making extensive use of analyses and data with some support.

# [2.12.5](2.12.5.md)

Has many people with a range of data and analysis expertise in leadership positions including at most senior levels. All senior leaders are confident in making extensive use of analyses and data independently or with minimal support.
