---
title: 2.17 Defining responsibility for data within roles and committing to improving staff data literacy
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 2 Having the right data skills and knowledge]]"
share: true
---
# [2.17 Defining responsibility for data within roles and committing to improving staff data literacy](2.17%20Defining%20responsibility%20for%20data%20within%20roles%20and%20committing%20to%20improving%20staff%20data%20literacy.md)
# [2.17.1](2.17.1.md)

Has no interest in developing specialised data roles, or in upskilling or recruiting staff to fill knowledge gaps. Staff manage and use data as part of other roles without dedicated responsibilities for data.

# [2.17.2](2.17.2.md)

Different staff collect, manage and use data as part of their roles without coordinated, consistent responsibilities assigned to roles. Beginning to consider some training or specialisation, but with minimal commitment to change.

# [2.17.3](2.17.3.md)

Beginning to establish dedicated data responsibilities within staff roles in the organisation. Increasing commitment to improving data and analytical literacy within specialist teams.

# [2.17.4](2.17.4.md)

Has established dedicated, consistent data responsibilities defined within staff roles with several people responsible for data in different roles or teams. Beginning to commit to improving data and analytical literacy across the organisation, but the approach is inconsistent in different areas.

# [2.17.5](2.17.5.md)

Has established a dedicated, consistent approach to integrating data responsibilities in staff roles across the organisation. Has a strong, consistent, and visible commitment to improving data and analytical literacy across the organisation with clear routes into skilled data roles for all staff.
