---
title: 2.19 Supporting development of specialist data staff
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_skills
up: "[[Topic 2 Having the right data skills and knowledge]]"
share: true
---
# [2.19 Supporting development of specialist data staff](2.19%20Supporting%20development%20of%20specialist%20data%20staff.md)
# [2.19.1](2.19.1.md)

Expects people to learn data skills ‘on the job’. Does not provide specialist training for data skills.

# [2.19.2](2.19.2.md)

Small groups of specialist staff working with data have access to specialised data training. The approach is ad hoc and uncoordinated. Awareness and documentation of specialist data skills amongst staff across the organisation is poor.

# [2.19.3](2.19.3.md)

Specialist staff working with data have some support to improve their skills. The approach is somewhat organised but lacks centralised coordination. Beginning to document and improve awareness of specialist data skills in the organisation.

# [2.19.4](2.19.4.md)

Specialist staff working with data have some support to improve their skills. The approach is organised and coordinated, but inconsistent across different areas of the organisation. Has a clear understanding of what specialist data skills are present in the organisation.

# [2.19.5](2.19.5.md)

Specialist staff working with data have appropriate support to continuously improve their skills. The approach is consistently organised and coordinated across the organisation. Has a clear understanding of what specialist data skills are present in the organisation and proactively plans to fill gaps.
