---
title: 5.39 Using data to monitor and improve performance
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 5 Making decisions with data]]"
share: true
---
# [5.39 Using data to monitor and improve performance](5.39%20Using%20data%20to%20monitor%20and%20improve%20performance.md)
# [5.39.1](5.39.1.md)

Leaders use anecdotal accounts of what is happening rather than data to monitor and improve organisational performance.

# [5.39.2](5.39.2.md)

Leaders make use of some existing data to monitor performance in some high profile areas of the organisation. Decisions on how to improve are informed by both data and anecdotal accounts of what is happening.

# [5.39.3](5.39.3.md)

Leaders make use of multiple data sources to monitor and improve organisational performance in all critical areas. Leaders are beginning to question what other data could be used for this. The approach is inconsistent across different areas of the organisation.

# [5.39.4](5.39.4.md)

Leaders make use of data to monitor and improve performance in all critical areas and some important areas. Senior leaders actively question these data sources and support efforts to improve or broaden the data used for these purposes. The approach is somewhat inconsistent across different areas of the organisation.

# [5.39.5](5.39.5.md)

Leaders use data to monitor and improve performance in all critical and important areas of the organisation. Leaders proactively encourage the use of new sources of data to better understand performance. The approach is consistent across different areas of the organisation.
