---
title: 5.44 Knowing who uses your products and services
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 5 Making decisions with data]]"
share: true
---
# [5.44 Knowing who uses your products and services](5.44%20Knowing%20who%20uses%20your%20products%20and%20services.md)
# [5.44.1](5.44.1.md)

Records basic customer information and activities or work delivered in order to operate at a basic level.

# [5.44.2](5.44.2.md)

Starting to explore service users, customers, and target audiences. Beginning to account for ethical considerations and any particular groups who could be negatively affected by the organisation’s data, but at a late stage.

# [5.44.3](5.44.3.md)

Starting to use data to understand different ways customers initially contact and engage with services over time (or not). Accounts for ethical considerations and any particular groups who could be negatively affected by the organisation’s data. However this is inconsistent across the organisation and considered at a late stage.

# [5.44.4](5.44.4.md)

Regularly reviews and adapts services, products and campaigns in response to data to optimise outcomes. Designs services to ensure inclusion and protection for societal groups who could be negatively impacted by the organisation’s data. Applies this somewhat inconsistently across different areas of the organisation.

# [5.44.5](5.44.5.md)

Uses data to optimise design and delivery of services, products and campaigns at an individual or personal level. Consistently designs services from the beginning to ensure inclusion and protection for societal groups who could be negatively impacted by the organisation’s data.
