---
title: 6.48 Ensuring transparency and scrutiny of data processing and analysis
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 6 Managing and using data ethically]]"
share: true
---
# [6.48 Ensuring transparency and scrutiny of data processing and analysis](6.48%20Ensuring%20transparency%20and%20scrutiny%20of%20data%20processing%20and%20analysis.md)
# [6.48.1](6.48.1.md)

Does not ensure transparency in processing and analysis of data even where this is not restricted. Routes for public scrutiny and accountability are not available.

# [6.48.2](6.48.2.md)

Ensures transparency around most high profile processing and analysis of data where appropriate. Routes for public scrutiny and accountability exist for high profile processes where appropriate, but are not well communicated. Considerations of these are ‘added on’ after the process is already active.

# [6.48.3](6.48.3.md)

Ensures routes for public scrutiny exist for all appropriate processing and analysis of data and is making efforts to make these more visible. Makes methods and objectives used for this transparent where appropriate. Approaches to this tend to be considered as an after thought, not an integral part of developing the process.

# [6.48.4](6.48.4.md)

Ensures routes for public scrutiny of processing and analysis of data are visible and well communicated where possible. Considers transparency and public scrutiny from the beginning as a fundamental part of all high profile processes.

# [6.48.5](6.48.5.md)

All processing and analysis of data has transparency and public scrutiny in mind from the early planning stages where appropriate. Makes internal, external, and public scrutiny integral to the design of all processes where possible.
