---
title: 6.52 Understanding interactions of automated data processing and ethical data practices
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_data
up:
  - "[Data](Data.md)"
  - "[Topic 6 Managing and using data ethically](Topic%206%20Managing%20and%20using%20data%20ethically.md)"
share: true
---
# [6.52 Understanding interactions of automated data processing and ethical data practices](6.52%20Understanding%20interactions%20of%20automated%20data%20processing%20and%20ethical%20data%20practices.md)
# [6.52.1](6.52.1.md)

Does not consider how to use automation in data supply and processing. Does not consider how automation can reduce risks or bias in data processing. Does not consider oversight, transparency, and public scrutiny when automating data processing. Does not document these processes.

# [6.52.2](6.52.2.md)

Beginning to consider how to use automation in high profile areas of data supply and processing. Beginning to consider how to mitigate against automation risks in high profile areas, however does so inconsistently and usually after the implementation. Beginning to consider oversight, transparency and routes for public scrutiny when automating data processing. Does not document changes to these processes.

# [6.52.3](6.52.3.md)

Consistently considers risks and benefits of automation of data supply and processing and in high profile areas. Understands where automation is proportionate, and mitigates against the potential for automation to introduce bias, though somewhat inconsistently in different areas of the organisation. Consistently considers oversight, transparency, and public scrutiny of automated data processing, but does so at a late stage. Documentation of changes is sporadic.

# [6.52.4](6.52.4.md)

Consistently considers the risks and benefits of automation in all high profile areas, and beginning to do so in other areas. Understands where automation is proportionate, mitigates risks appropriately, and plans to do so from early stages for all processes, though this may be inconsistent across the organisation. Considers oversight, transparency, and public scrutiny from early stages of automation initiatives, and consistently documents all changes.

# [6.52.5](6.52.5.md)

Has a clear understanding of the interactions between automation of data supply and preparation and data ethics. Proactively plans automation in processes to reduce human bias whilst carefully considering and mitigating any bias the automation could introduce. Plans for oversight, transparency, and public scrutiny from the beginning in all data processing automation initiatives. Documents all changes to these processes and the reasons for the changes clearly and consistently across the organisation.
