---
title: 6.53 Collecting data in inclusive and ethical ways
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 6 Managing and using data ethically]]"
share: true
---
# [6.53 Collecting data in inclusive and ethical ways](6.53%20Collecting%20data%20in%20inclusive%20and%20ethical%20ways.md)
# [6.53.1](6.53.1.md)

Considers accessibility, transparency and the potential for bias in data collection at a late stage in the development process, and only to meet legal or policy requirements.

# [6.53.2](6.53.2.md)

Checks data for bias and documents any mitigation made against bias. Considers transparency and accessibility in data collection methods but applies this at late stages in development to meet legal or policy requirements.

# [6.53.3](6.53.3.md)

Embeds transparency of methods into the process when designing data collection where appropriate. Makes efforts from the beginning to mitigate bias and make collection methods accessible to ensure that no societal group is disadvantaged by the methods used. Applies this very inconsistently in different areas of the organisation.

# [6.53.4](6.53.4.md)

Embeds transparency, inclusivity and accessibility in data collection methods from the beginning. Checks data collection processes for bias, with actions to mitigate bias recorded and communicated. Applies this somewhat inconsistently in different areas of the organisation.

# [6.53.5](6.53.5.md)

Embeds a deep consideration of data ethics from the beginning when planning data collection. Proactively embeds transparency of methods, accessibility, inclusivity and mitigation of bias into new data collection processes consistently across the organisation.
