---
title: 6.55 Ensuring responsibility and oversight for data ethics
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_leadership
up: "[[Topic 6 Managing and using data ethically]]"
share: true
---
# [6.55 Ensuring responsibility and oversight for data ethics](6.55%20Ensuring%20responsibility%20and%20oversight%20for%20data%20ethics.md)
# [6.55.1](6.55.1.md)

Senior leaders only engage with ensuring oversight and scrutiny is in place for the ethical use of data where it is externally mandated by legal or policy requirements.

# [6.55.2](6.55.2.md)

Senior leaders are beginning to engage with ensuring external and public oversight and scrutiny is in place for the ethical use of data. However, their approach is unstructured or reactive.

# [6.55.3](6.55.3.md)

Senior leaders are engaged with ensuring oversight and scrutiny is in place for the ethical use of data however this does not consistently reach across the organisation. Lines of responsibility and accountability for data ethics are structured, but visibility of these is poor.

# [6.55.4](6.55.4.md)

Senior leaders are engaged with ensuring oversight and scrutiny is in place for the ethical use of data across the organisation. Lines of responsibility and accountability for data ethics are structured, though visibility of this may be limited. Champions for data ethics are present in the organisation, however they may lack the seniority or the reach to have a large impact.

# [6.55.5](6.55.5.md)

Senior leaders are proactively engaged with ensuring oversight and scrutiny is in place for the ethical collection, storage, and use of data across the organisation. Senior leaders are highly visible as champions for promoting data ethics across the organisation. Responsibility and accountability for this is clear, structured, and visible.
