---
title: 7.59 Managing data disposal the right way
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_culture
up:
  - "[Topic 7 Managing your data](Topic%207%20Managing%20your%20data.md)"
share: true
---
# [7.59 Managing data disposal the right way](7.59%20Managing%20data%20disposal%20the%20right%20way.md)
# [7.59.1](7.59.1.md)

Considers disposal of data only at a very late stage in the data lifecycle. Defines ownership of and responsibility for disposal of data only in line with minimum legal or policy requirements. Does not understand differences in types of disposal of data.

# [7.59.2](7.59.2.md)

Staff responsible for data sets understand differences in types of disposal. Responsibilities for implementing appropriate disposal methods are beginning to be defined. Any considerations of how to dispose of data occur at a very late stage in the data lifecycle.

# [7.59.3](7.59.3.md)

Beginning to give greater consideration to data disposal, but it is not seen as fundamental when planning data initiatives. Ownership and responsibility for disposal of data is recorded alongside all high profile data sets. Staff working with data have some understanding of expectations and requirements for data preservation and disposal.

# [7.59.4](7.59.4.md)

All staff working with data understand their responsibilities to ensuring records are able to be created and preserved of all appropriate data. Responsibility for disposal of data is defined and recorded alongside all data assets, but implementation is inconsistent across the organisation.

# [7.59.5](7.59.5.md)

Collaborates with archiving experts to ensure that data sets can be preserved appropriately. Proactively considers the end of the data lifecycle when planning new data initiatives. Ownership of and responsibility for disposal of data is clearly defined, recorded, and implemented for all data assets.
