---
title: 7.60 Communicating limitations of data appropriately to users
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_culture
up:
  - "[Topic 7 Managing your data](Topic%207%20Managing%20your%20data.md)"
share: true
---
# [7.60 Communicating limitations of data appropriately to users](7.60%20Communicating%20limitations%20of%20data%20appropriately%20to%20users.md)
# [7.60.1](7.60.1.md)

Communicates limitations of data only in line with externally mandated requirements. The style and method of this communication does not consider users’ needs.

# [7.60.2](7.60.2.md)

Beginning to understand limitations of data and communicates these in some high-profile areas. Some pockets of the organisation consider the needs of some important users and communicate in a way to meet these needs, through a limited range of routes.

# [7.60.3](7.60.3.md)

Understands and communicates limitations of data in all high-profile areas. Understands the needs of some important users and communicates in a way that meets these needs, however the range of routes may be limited. The approach to this is inconsistent across different areas of the organisation.

# [7.60.4](7.60.4.md)

Understands and communicates limitations of data. Understands the needs of most important users of the data and communicates in a way that meets these needs, using a range of appropriate routes. The approach to this is inconsistent across different areas of the organisation.

# [7.60.5](7.60.5.md)

Understands and communicates limitations of data. Understands the needs of all important users of the data and communicates in a way that meets these needs, using a range of appropriate routes. The approach to this is consistent across the organisation.
