---
title: 7.61 Linking data collection processes to organisational outcomes
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 7 Managing your data]]"
share: true
---
# [7.61 Linking data collection processes to organisational outcomes](7.61%20Linking%20data%20collection%20processes%20to%20organisational%20outcomes.md)
# [7.61.1](7.61.1.md)

Collects data in order to meet minimum requirements without understanding how this is attached to business needs. Has a minimal awareness of collection methods based on what has previously been used, but does not record or address errors.

# [7.61.2](7.61.2.md)

Beginning to understand the need to collect data that is attached to business needs, and to avoid collecting data that is not. Does not regularly apply or incorporate this into practices. Has some awareness of collection methods and errors but does not record or address these.

# [7.61.3](7.61.3.md)

Understands the need to collect data that is attached to business needs, and to avoid collecting data that is not. Beginning to incorporate this into planning collection or use of data. Beginning to consider and record methods and errors but does not consistently address these.

# [7.61.4](7.61.4.md)

Understands the need to collect data that is attached to business needs, and to avoid collecting data that is not. Incorporates this in critical business process in some areas of the organisation. Regularly plans ahead regarding the collection or use of data but this is not embedded from beginning to end. Considers and records methods and errors and is beginning to address these in higher profile initiatives.

# [7.61.5](7.61.5.md)

Has a clear understanding of the need to collect data that is attached to business needs, and to avoid collecting data that is not. Consistently incorporates this in critical and important business process across the organisation. Embeds planning of collection or use of data from beginning to end. Gives full consideration to methods and errors and ensures that these are addressed promptly.
