---
title: 7.62 Acquiring existing data in the right way
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_data
up:
  - "[Data](Data.md)"
  - "[Topic 7 Managing your data](Topic%207%20Managing%20your%20data.md)"
share: true
---
# [7.62 Acquiring existing data in the right way](7.62%20Acquiring%20existing%20data%20in%20the%20right%20way.md)
# [7.62.1](7.62.1.md)

Acquires existing data over collecting data only when required or requested to do so by external impetus. Does not record licencing of acquired data alongside data sets.

# [7.62.2](7.62.2.md)

Beginning to understand the difference in value of acquiring existing data compared to collecting new data and which is most appropriate. Does not make use of existing data. Has some awareness of licencing of data acquired from other sources but does not record licencing of acquired data alongside data sets.

# [7.62.3](7.62.3.md)

Understands the value of using existing data rather than collecting new data and which is most appropriate. Beginning to make use of some open data sets where appropriate. Beginning to record licencing of data acquired from other sources alongside data sets. Beginning to plan for effects of licencing on long-term preservation of data sets containing acquired data.

# [7.62.4](7.62.4.md)

Understands the value of using existing data rather than collecting new data and which is most appropriate. Makes good use of open data sets where appropriate but does not fully embed the approach from beginning to end. Records and communicates licencing of data acquired from other sources but this approach is not fully embedded from beginning to end. Plans for effects of licencing on long-term preservation of data sets containing acquired data but this approach is not fully embedded from beginning to end.

# [7.62.5](7.62.5.md)

Has a clear understanding of the value of using existing data rather than collecting new data and which is most appropriate. Makes full use of open data sets where appropriate and fully embeds the approach from beginning to end. Fully records licencing of data acquired from other sources and this approach is fully embedded from beginning to end. Plans for effects of licencing on long-term preservation of data sets containing acquired data and this approach is fully embedded from beginning to end.
