---
title: 7.64 Collecting data with user needs in mind
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 7 Managing your data]]"
share: true
---
# [7.64 Collecting data with user needs in mind](7.64%20Collecting%20data%20with%20user%20needs%20in%20mind.md)
# [7.64.1](7.64.1.md)

Has a minimal awareness of the user (eg member of the public or civil servant) providing data to government, driven only by legal or service level agreement requirements. Designs and develops products without considering or incorporating the needs of these users.

# [7.64.2](7.64.2.md)

Has some awareness of the needs of the user providing data, and of user-centred design and methods. Does not incorporate or apply this understanding in product design and development

# [7.64.3](7.64.3.md)

Understands the needs of the user providing data, and of user-centred design and methods. Beginning to incorporate and apply this understanding to product design and development.

# [7.64.4](7.64.4.md)

Has a good understanding the needs of the user providing data, and of user-centred design and methods, though this may be inconsistent across the organisation. Incorporates and applies this understanding to product design and development in some areas, but may not embed this from beginning to end.

# [7.64.5](7.64.5.md)

Has a clear understanding of the needs of the user providing data, and of user-centred design and methods in all relevant areas of the organisation. Fully embeds application of this understanding in product design and development from beginning to end.
