---
title: 7.68 Understanding what data processing to automate
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 7 Managing your data]]"
share: true
---
# [7.68 Understanding what data processing to automate](7.68%20Understanding%20what%20data%20processing%20to%20automate.md)
# [7.68.1](7.68.1.md)

Does not understand what data processing can or should be automated. Where automation occurs, it does so without understanding or considering what is useful and proportionate in the long-term to achieve efficiency and quality.

# [7.68.2](7.68.2.md)

Beginning to understand what data processing can and should be automated. Makes some consideration of what automation is useful and proportionate in the long-term to achieve efficiency and quality in high profile processes, though the approach is inconsistent and occurs as an after thought.

# [7.68.3](7.68.3.md)

Able to apply a good understanding of what data processing can and should be automated for high profile areas, but inconsistently elsewhere. Considers what automation is useful and proportionate in the long-term to achieve efficiency and quality, but somewhat inconsistently in different areas of the organisation.

# [7.68.4](7.68.4.md)

Has a good understanding of what data processing can and should be automated for high profile areas, and is beginning to apply this consistently across the organisation. Considers what automation is useful and proportionate in the long-term to achieve efficiency and quality but with some inconsistency.

# [7.68.5](7.68.5.md)

Has a clear understanding of what data processing can and should be automated. Carefully considers what automation is useful and proportionate in the long-term to achieve efficiency and quality.
