---
title: 7.69 Building reproducible data processing
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_data
up:
  - "[Data](Data.md)"
  - "[Topic 7 Managing your data](Topic%207%20Managing%20your%20data.md)"
share: true
---
# [7.69 Building reproducible data processing](7.69%20Building%20reproducible%20data%20processing.md)
# [7.69.1](7.69.1.md)

Designs data processing without considering adequate testing, transparency and documentation to ensure that processes can be reproduced for the same output. Does not document processes or changes to processes.

# [7.69.2](7.69.2.md)

Some testing and documentation for important data processing. Aware of the importance of documentation or transparency to ensure good automation. Documentation that exists may not be appropriately available to those who need it, or may assume prior knowledge of the processes.

# [7.69.3](7.69.3.md)

Tests and documents most important data processing and is able to reproduce the same outputs efficiently in most cases. Testing covers a range of data scenarios. Documentation of processes is sporadic, this may be done at a late stage. It may be poorly communicated or inaccessible. The approach is highly inconsistent across the organisation.

# [7.69.4](7.69.4.md)

Designs, tests and documents all important data processing. Tests include typical changes that may occur. Testing strategy may be considered after processes are created. Most processes are clearly documented, documentation is communicated and available as appropriate. The approach is somewhat inconsistent across different areas of the organisation.

# [7.69.5](7.69.5.md)

Proactively designs, tests, and documents all important data processing from the beginning to ensure that they can be efficiently reproduced with the same outputs and are resilient to change. Documentation and processes are transparent, communicated and available as appropriate. The approach is consistent across the organisation.
