---
title: 8.75 Reviewing governance and security incident responses
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_culture
up:
  - "[Topic 8 Protecting your data](Topic%208%20Protecting%20your%20data.md)"
share: true
---
# [8.75 Reviewing governance and security incident responses](8.75%20Reviewing%20governance%20and%20security%20incident%20responses.md)
# [8.75.1](8.75.1.md)

Reviews of data security incidents are limited in scope and responses to incidents are inconsistent. Very little, if any, review or assessment of governance takes place.

# [8.75.2](8.75.2.md)

Reviews and assesses security controls, but this is inconsistent or limited in scope. Beginning to identify and review data security incidents and take appropriate responses.

# [8.75.3](8.75.3.md)

Regularly reviews assesses all critical governance and security controls for effectiveness, though recording of these may be inconsistent. Identifies and reviews data security incidents and takes appropriate responses.

# [8.75.4](8.75.4.md)

Regularly reviews and assesses all governance and security controls regularly for effectiveness. Recording of reviews is clear and consistent, though not consistently available as appropriate. Reviews all security incidents promptly and takes appropriate, proportionate actions.

# [8.75.5](8.75.5.md)

Regularly reviews and assesses all governance and security controls for effectiveness. Recording is clear, consistent and appropriately available both internally and externally to support continuous improvement. Reviews all security incidents quickly and takes appropriate, proportionate actions. Discusses lessons learned from security incidents openly as appropriate.
