---
title: 8.76 Ensuring business continuity for data
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_row
up: "[[Topic 8 Protecting your data]]"
share: true
---
# [8.76 Ensuring business continuity for data](8.76%20Ensuring%20business%20continuity%20for%20data.md)
# [8.76.1](8.76.1.md)

Business continuity plans exist for some critical activities, but nobody has full oversight of which activities are critical to the organisation’s operation. No clear central record of the potential impact of critical failure on staff, customers, services, products and reputations.

# [8.76.2](8.76.2.md)

Has business continuity plans in place for all critical data activities, but these are not centralised. Does not have standardised risk assessments for activities.

# [8.76.3](8.76.3.md)

Centrally coordinates oversight for business continuity as appropriate to ensure all critical activities are understood and calibrated. Standardises risk assessments for activities to promote parity across the organisation. Tests business continuity plans occasionally.

# [8.76.4](8.76.4.md)

Has business continuity plans for data in place for all areas of the organisation with central oversight. There are clear lines of ownership for plans and they are regularly tested with actions planned for improvements.

# [8.76.5](8.76.5.md)

Regularly reviews and tests business continuity plans with lessons learned and actions for improvement. Ties the frequency of reviews to the level of criticality of the activity and an understanding of threats to the organisation’s operation. Business continuity plan owners have access to regular updates and refreshes on best practice.
