---
title: 8.82 Recording and securing your data tools and systems
created: 2024-08-28
modified: 2024-08-28
tags:
  - UK-DMM_THEME_tools
up: "[[Topic 8 Protecting your data]]"
share: true
---
# [8.82 Recording and securing your data tools and systems](8.82%20Recording%20and%20securing%20your%20data%20tools%20and%20systems.md)
# [8.82.1](8.82.1.md)

Records minimal or no information regarding IT assets that the organisation holds to store and process data. Any records are usually collected indirectly without organisation or coherent structure. Considers physical security measures to protect data held on IT assets only in line with minimal legal requirements.

# [8.82.2](8.82.2.md)

Has a basic IT asset register. The process for how to record tools is not described, supported or monitored. The register captures only high profile assets. Some security risks to high value assets have been identified and addressed. No monitoring and review of risks and physical data security measures.

# [8.82.3](8.82.3.md)

Standardised processes for recording IT assets are in place. Value and sensitivity of data stored in these assets is not consistently recorded. Security risks to all known IT assets are assessed and addressed. Physical security for high priority assets is reviewed regularly, however the security implemented is not measured in relation to the value or sensitivity of the data.

# [8.82.4](8.82.4.md)

Standardised processes for recording IT assets are embedded. The value and sensitivity of data is a priority element of recording physical IT assets. Physical security measures for all recorded IT assets are regularly reviewed and linked to the value and sensitivity of the data they hold.

# [8.82.5](8.82.5.md)

The IT asset register is thorough and ownership and accountability for these assets is defined, implemented, and transparent. Physical security measures are reviewed and tested proactively to ensure the security of data.
